Mirror Services (#5)
COSI-Lab/book: src/mirror/hardware.md

# "Hardware"

> The most import form of maintained preformed on Mirror is maintaining the physical hardware and operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important form of maintenance performed on Mirror is that of the physical hardware and operating system.
```
